c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\PacManTheGame.exe
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\PacManTheGame.pdb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\obj\x86\Debug\PacManTheGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\obj\x86\Debug\PacManTheGame.exe
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\obj\x86\Debug\PacManTheGame.pdb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Pacman_HD_down.xnb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Pacman_HD_left.xnb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Pacman_HD_right.xnb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Pacman_HD_up.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\field1.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Pacman_HD.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\coin.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GhostBlue.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GhostPink.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GhostRed.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GhostYellow.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fieldTile.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fieldTileCenter.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fieldTileDown.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fieldTileLeft.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fieldTileRight.xnb
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\PacManTheGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fieldTileUp.xnb
